GA Workflow executed by filterable column (#390)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-08.mdx

title: Changelog | August, 2024
---

## Workflow Executed By Filterable Column

_August 29th, 2024_

> Earlier this month, we restricted the Workflow Deployment Executions table to only show executions invoked via an API Request. This allowed users to filter out all of the noise
> of all the other contexts in which a Workflow Deployment can be invoked and focus on only production data. However, there are still other contexts in which it's useful to still
> see Workflow Executions.
> 
> You can now see a new `Executed By` column that shows what was the immediate "parent" context by which a Workflow was executed. By default, this table will be filtered on `API Request`.
> However we also support all the other contexts for users interested in seeing more contexts in which a Workflow was executed, such as via another Workflow Deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earlier this month, we restricted the Workflow Deployment Executions table to only show executions invoked via API requests. This helped to filter out all of the noise
from other contexts in which a Workflow Deployment could be invoked, bringing focus to only data from production traffic. However, we've found that are still other contexts in which it's useful to see Workflow Executions.

You'll now find a new `Executed By` column that shows what the immediate "parent" context was in which the Workflow was executed. This table is filtered down to just `API Request` by default, but you can opt in to include additional contexts, such invocation as a  Subworkflow via a parent Workflow:
```
